Update README.md (#35)
LambdaSchool/CS-Build-Week-2: README.md

## Proof

> Get the last valid proof used to mine a new block.  Also returns the current difficulty level, which is the number of `0`'s required at the beginning of the hash for a new proof to be valid.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the last valid proof in order to to mine a new block.  Also returns the current difficulty level, which is the number of `0`'s required at the beginning of the hash for a new proof to be valid.  
```
